README.md, before:

# IOC Checker with Playwright

This project demonstrates a small microservice-style application that accepts Indicators of Compromise (IOCs) and fetches their VirusTotal web results using [Playwright](https://playwright.dev). Parsing of IOCs relies on the [iocparser](https://pypi.org/project/iocparser/) library.

## Components

- **FastAPI web UI** – parse and submit IOCs with progress updates.
- **Worker** – consumes a queue and performs VirusTotal lookups through the public web interface (no API key required).
- **Queue** – in-memory task queue coordinating the two components.

## Running

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
playwright install chromium
uvicorn ioc_checker.main:app --reload
```

Open <http://localhost:8000> and paste any text containing IOCs. The interface parses the text into categories (IP addresses, domains, hashes, etc.) and lets you submit them for checking. Each IOC is queued and processed by Playwright workers with live status updates.

### API

- `POST /parse` – body `{ "text": "..." }` returns detected IOCs grouped by type.
- `POST /parse-file` – multipart upload of a text-based file (`.txt`, `.log`, `.csv`, `.json`) returning detected IOCs.
- `POST /scan` – body `{ "service": "virustotal", "iocs": ["..."] }` queues IOCs for the specified service.
- `GET /status/{id}` – retrieve task progress and results.

## Notes

The implementation uses an internal asyncio queue and a single Playwright browser per worker. For larger deployments replace the queue and storage with external services (Redis, etc.) and run multiple worker instances. The API is unified to allow adding more validation services in the future.

Commit message:

Configure Windows event loop and fix Playwright context typing

README.md, after:

# IOC Checker with Playwright

This project demonstrates a small microservice-style application that accepts Indicators of Compromise (IOCs) and fetches their VirusTotal web results using [Playwright](https://playwright.dev). Parsing of IOCs relies on the [iocparser](https://pypi.org/project/iocparser/) library.

## Components

- **FastAPI web UI** – parse and submit IOCs with progress updates.
- **Worker** – consumes a queue and performs VirusTotal lookups through the public web interface (no API key required).
- **Queue** – in-memory task queue coordinating the two components.

## Running

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
playwright install chromium
uvicorn ioc_checker.main:app --reload
```

On Windows, the application automatically configures the Proactor event loop so that
Playwright can spawn browser subprocesses.

Open <http://localhost:8000> and paste any text containing IOCs. The interface parses the text into categories (IP addresses, domains, hashes, etc.) and lets you submit them for checking. Each IOC is queued and processed by Playwright workers with live status updates.

### API

- `POST /parse` – body `{ "text": "..." }` returns detected IOCs grouped by type.
- `POST /parse-file` – multipart upload of a text-based file (`.txt`, `.log`, `.csv`, `.json`) returning detected IOCs.
- `POST /scan` – body `{ "service": "virustotal", "iocs": ["..."] }` queues IOCs for the specified service.
- `GET /status/{id}` – retrieve task progress and results.

## Notes

The implementation uses an internal asyncio queue and a single Playwright browser per worker. For larger deployments replace the queue and storage with external services (Redis, etc.) and run multiple worker instances. The API is unified to allow adding more validation services in the future.
